c:\users\maurooliveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\asp-net-web-api\asp-net-web-api\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\maurooliveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\asp-net-web-api\asp-net-web-api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\maurooliveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\asp-net-web-api\asp-net-web-api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\maurooliveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\asp-net-web-api\asp-net-web-api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\maurooliveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\asp-net-web-api\asp-net-web-api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\maurooliveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\asp-net-web-api\asp-net-web-api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\maurooliveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\asp-net-web-api\asp-net-web-api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\maurooliveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\asp-net-web-api\asp-net-web-api\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\maurooliveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\asp-net-web-api\asp-net-web-api\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\maurooliveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\asp-net-web-api\asp-net-web-api\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\maurooliveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\asp-net-web-api\asp-net-web-api\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\maurooliveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\asp-net-web-api\asp-net-web-api\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\maurooliveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\asp-net-web-api\asp-net-web-api\bin\asp-net-web-api.dll.config
c:\users\maurooliveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\asp-net-web-api\asp-net-web-api\bin\asp-net-web-api.dll
c:\users\maurooliveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\asp-net-web-api\asp-net-web-api\bin\asp-net-web-api.pdb
c:\users\maurooliveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\asp-net-web-api\asp-net-web-api\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\maurooliveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\asp-net-web-api\asp-net-web-api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\maurooliveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\asp-net-web-api\asp-net-web-api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\maurooliveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\asp-net-web-api\asp-net-web-api\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\maurooliveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\asp-net-web-api\asp-net-web-api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\maurooliveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\asp-net-web-api\asp-net-web-api\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\maurooliveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\asp-net-web-api\asp-net-web-api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\maurooliveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\asp-net-web-api\asp-net-web-api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\maurooliveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\asp-net-web-api\asp-net-web-api\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\maurooliveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\asp-net-web-api\asp-net-web-api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\maurooliveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\asp-net-web-api\asp-net-web-api\obj\Debug\asp-net-web-api.dll
c:\users\maurooliveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\asp-net-web-api\asp-net-web-api\obj\Debug\asp-net-web-api.pdb
C:\Users\maurooliveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\asp-net-web-api\asp-net-web-api\obj\Debug\asp-net-web-api.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\maurooliveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\asp-net-web-api\asp-net-web-api\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\maurooliveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\asp-net-web-api\asp-net-web-api\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\maurooliveira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\asp-net-web-api\asp-net-web-api\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
